make vite as the default frontend build tool (#1635)
vaadin/docs: articles/configuration/live-reload/index.asciidoc

== Front-End Changes

As of Vaadin 23.2, frontend build and live reload features are officially being handled by https://vitejs.dev[Vite] (as the default), but webpack is still supported by enabling its associated feature flag.

> See the <<Webpack Feature Flag>> section to know how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the <<webpack Feature Flag>> section to know how to do this.
```

> See the <<webpack Feature Flag>> section to know how to do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the <<webpack Feature Flag>> section for how to do this.
```

> Note that, the support for webpack will end when the next major release (Vaadin 24) is out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that support for webpack will end with the next major release (Vaadin 24).
```

** <<jetty#, Automatic Restart with Jetty Maven Plugin>>
** <<cdi#, Automatic Restart with TomEE Maven Plugin>>

> == Webpack Feature Flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== webpack Feature Flag
```

In order to use webpack instead of Vite, it must be explicitly enabled with a feature flag.
There are two methods of doing this:

=== Using Vaadin Developer Tools

1. Click on the Vaadin Developer Tools icon button in your running application
2. Open the [guilabel]`Experimental Features` tab

> 3. Enable the [guilabel]`Use Webpack for front-end builds (Deprecated)` feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the [guilabel]`Use webpack for front-end builds (Deprecated)` feature
```
